content/about.md, before:

+++
title = "about"
+++

![](../imgs/me.jpg)

Software Engineering lead at Google.

- email: [eric.chiang.m@gmail.com](mailto:eric.chiang.m@gmail.com)
- github: [@ericchiang](https://github.com/ericchiang)
- twitter: [@erchiang](https://twitter.com/erchiang)  
- linkedin: [profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eric-chiang-1047831bb/)


Talks

- [_Creating a Culture of Security (pannel)_](https://youtu.be/fINZQs61s0g?si=3K4dU7GFoC_Xckz4) - DASH by DataDog - 2023
- [_Scalable security: how to win friends and not burn out everyone_](https://youtu.be/c3B-ig_1nbk?si=77LeE81IyZXaEkc0) - BSides SF - 2023
- [_The road to BeyondCorp is paved with good intentions_](https://youtu.be/UWpTFiRf4Uw?si=z5rqAfTpNdSX4zno) - NorthSec - 2022
- [_Binary Policy with IMA and AppArmor_](https://youtu.be/Qqp_pb8qKFY?si=PMktAyzmgVS6qV6F) - Linux Security Summit - 2019
- [_PKI for Gophers_](https://youtu.be/VwPQKS9Njv0?si=gvMHJCdvyzXRFRHC) - GopherCon - 2019 
- [_Containers from Scratch_](https://youtu.be/wyqoi52k5jM?si=PKOuA7cS8-f6wMG6) - CoreOS Fest - 2017 
- [_Kubernetes Auth and Access Control_](https://youtu.be/WvnXemaYQ50?si=Xg6UL6A1H4iu1IWa) - KubeCon Seattle - 2016
- [_Kubernetes Access Control with Dex_](https://youtu.be/i75ysFcvCkk?si=wfCOXc5Cih27q1tc) - CoreOS Fest - 2016 
- [_Why is Python so fast?_](https://youtu.be/8hHOxfXcWsg?si=4rBVdaDtur5Wze9k) - PyGotham - 2014

Select open source

- [github.com/go-piv/piv-go](https://github.com/go-piv/piv-go) - PIV smartcard library for Go
- [github.com/google/log4jscanner](https://github.com/google/log4jscanner) - Log4j vulnerability filesystem scanner
- [github.com/google/go-attestation](https://github.com/google/go-attestation) - TPM attestation library for Go
- [github.com/google/go-p11-kit](https://github.com/google/go-p11-kit/) - p11-kit pure Go client
- [github.com/coreos/go-oidc](https://github.com/coreos/go-oidc) - OpenID Connect client library for Go
- [github.com/coreos/dex](https://github.com/coreos/dex) - OpenID Connect server
- [github.com/ericchiang/k8s](https://github.com/ericchiang/k8s) - Slimmed down Kubernetes Go client
- [github.com/google/go-pkcs11](https://github.com/google/go-pkcs11) - PKCS #11 client library for Go

Research

- [_Verifying TPM Boot Events and Untrusted Metadata_](https://github.com/google/go-attestation/blob/master/docs/event-log-disclosure.md) - [CVE-2020-1259](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide/en-US/advisory/CVE-2020-1259) - June, 2020
- [_Protein crystallization image classification with Elastic Net_](https://bidal.sfsu.edu/~kazokada/research/okada_spiemi14_proteincrystal.pdf) - 2014

Posts on other sites

- [_Kubernetes 1.9 and a look inside the Kubernetes project_](https://web.archive.org/web/20190113035754/https://coreos.com/blog/kubernetes-19-and-a-look-inside-the-project) - December 13, 2017
- [_Using RBAC, Generally Available in Kubernetes v1.8_](http://blog.kubernetes.io/2017/10/using-rbac-generally-available-18.html) - October 27, 2017
- [_Kubernetes 1.8 brings security, extensibility improvements_](https://web.archive.org/web/20190113042438/https://coreos.com/blog/kubernetes-1.8-announcement) - September 28, 2017
- [_The TPR is dead. Long live the CRD: Custom Resources in Kubernetes v1.7_](https://web.archive.org/web/20170630163527/https://coreos.com/blog/custom-resource-kubernetes-v17) - June 26, 2017
- [_ML Pitfalls: Measuring Performance (Part 1)_](https://web.archive.org/web/20160608022446/http://blog.yhat.com/posts/measuring-model-performance-1.html) - March 3, 2015
- [_Neural networks and a dive into Julia_](https://web.archive.org/web/20160208201137/http://blog.yhat.com/posts/julia-neural-networks.html) - May 15, 2014
- [_Python Multi-armed Bandits (and Beer!)_](https://web.archive.org/web/20140815070806/http://blog.yhathq.com/posts/the-beer-bandit.html) - April 7, 2014
- [_Predicting customer churn with scikit-learn_](https://web.archive.org/web/20140726051144/http://blog.yhathq.com/posts/predicting-customer-churn-with-sklearn.html) - March 20, 2014
- [_Image Processing with scikit-image_](https://web.archive.org/web/20140708090651/http://blog.yhathq.com/posts/image-processing-with-scikit-image.html) - January 30, 2014
- [_Weather Forecasting with Twitter & Pandas_](https://web.archive.org/web/20140805120155/http://blog.yhathq.com/posts/predict-weather-with-kaggle-twitter-emoticons-pandas.html) - December 5th, 2013

Work

- _Google_ - July 2018 - Present
- _CoreOS (acquired by Red Hat)_ - November 2015 - June 2018
- _Yhat ([YC W15](https://www.ycombinator.com/companies/yhat))_ - March 2014 - November 2015
- _IBM (intern)_ - June 2013 – September 2013
- _Genentech (intern)_ - March 2013 – June 2013
- _Cloudera (intern)_ - May 2012 – August 2012

Commit message:

add link to bsides talk slides

content/about.md, after:

+++
title = "about"
+++

![](../imgs/me.jpg)

Software Engineering lead at Google.

- email: [eric.chiang.m@gmail.com](mailto:eric.chiang.m@gmail.com)
- github: [@ericchiang](https://github.com/ericchiang)
- twitter: [@erchiang](https://twitter.com/erchiang)  
- linkedin: [profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eric-chiang-1047831bb/)


Talks

- _Insecurity Protocols: An Overview of Modern Authentication_ ([slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1UfVjUhZiCIXX_3uxikG8W342jBo6JWrqnILSiUvHXvU/edit?usp=sharing)) - BSides SF - 2024
- [_Creating a Culture of Security (pannel)_](https://youtu.be/fINZQs61s0g?si=3K4dU7GFoC_Xckz4) - DASH by DataDog - 2023
- [_Scalable security: how to win friends and not burn out everyone_](https://youtu.be/c3B-ig_1nbk?si=77LeE81IyZXaEkc0) - BSides SF - 2023
- [_The road to BeyondCorp is paved with good intentions_](https://youtu.be/UWpTFiRf4Uw?si=z5rqAfTpNdSX4zno) - NorthSec - 2022
- [_Binary Policy with IMA and AppArmor_](https://youtu.be/Qqp_pb8qKFY?si=PMktAyzmgVS6qV6F) - Linux Security Summit - 2019
- [_PKI for Gophers_](https://youtu.be/VwPQKS9Njv0?si=gvMHJCdvyzXRFRHC) - GopherCon - 2019 
- [_Containers from Scratch_](https://youtu.be/wyqoi52k5jM?si=PKOuA7cS8-f6wMG6) - CoreOS Fest - 2017 
- [_Kubernetes Auth and Access Control_](https://youtu.be/WvnXemaYQ50?si=Xg6UL6A1H4iu1IWa) - KubeCon Seattle - 2016
- [_Kubernetes Access Control with Dex_](https://youtu.be/i75ysFcvCkk?si=wfCOXc5Cih27q1tc) - CoreOS Fest - 2016 
- [_Why is Python so fast?_](https://youtu.be/8hHOxfXcWsg?si=4rBVdaDtur5Wze9k) - PyGotham - 2014

Select open source

- [github.com/go-piv/piv-go](https://github.com/go-piv/piv-go) - PIV smartcard library for Go
- [github.com/google/log4jscanner](https://github.com/google/log4jscanner) - Log4j vulnerability filesystem scanner
- [github.com/google/go-attestation](https://github.com/google/go-attestation) - TPM attestation library for Go
- [github.com/google/go-p11-kit](https://github.com/google/go-p11-kit/) - p11-kit pure Go client
- [github.com/coreos/go-oidc](https://github.com/coreos/go-oidc) - OpenID Connect client library for Go
- [github.com/coreos/dex](https://github.com/coreos/dex) - OpenID Connect server
- [github.com/ericchiang/k8s](https://github.com/ericchiang/k8s) - Slimmed down Kubernetes Go client
- [github.com/google/go-pkcs11](https://github.com/google/go-pkcs11) - PKCS #11 client library for Go

Research

- [_Verifying TPM Boot Events and Untrusted Metadata_](https://github.com/google/go-attestation/blob/master/docs/event-log-disclosure.md) - [CVE-2020-1259](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide/en-US/advisory/CVE-2020-1259) - June, 2020
- [_Protein crystallization image classification with Elastic Net_](https://bidal.sfsu.edu/~kazokada/research/okada_spiemi14_proteincrystal.pdf) - 2014

Posts on other sites

- [_Kubernetes 1.9 and a look inside the Kubernetes project_](https://web.archive.org/web/20190113035754/https://coreos.com/blog/kubernetes-19-and-a-look-inside-the-project) - December 13, 2017
- [_Using RBAC, Generally Available in Kubernetes v1.8_](http://blog.kubernetes.io/2017/10/using-rbac-generally-available-18.html) - October 27, 2017
- [_Kubernetes 1.8 brings security, extensibility improvements_](https://web.archive.org/web/20190113042438/https://coreos.com/blog/kubernetes-1.8-announcement) - September 28, 2017
- [_The TPR is dead. Long live the CRD: Custom Resources in Kubernetes v1.7_](https://web.archive.org/web/20170630163527/https://coreos.com/blog/custom-resource-kubernetes-v17) - June 26, 2017
- [_ML Pitfalls: Measuring Performance (Part 1)_](https://web.archive.org/web/20160608022446/http://blog.yhat.com/posts/measuring-model-performance-1.html) - March 3, 2015
- [_Neural networks and a dive into Julia_](https://web.archive.org/web/20160208201137/http://blog.yhat.com/posts/julia-neural-networks.html) - May 15, 2014
- [_Python Multi-armed Bandits (and Beer!)_](https://web.archive.org/web/20140815070806/http://blog.yhathq.com/posts/the-beer-bandit.html) - April 7, 2014
- [_Predicting customer churn with scikit-learn_](https://web.archive.org/web/20140726051144/http://blog.yhathq.com/posts/predicting-customer-churn-with-sklearn.html) - March 20, 2014
- [_Image Processing with scikit-image_](https://web.archive.org/web/20140708090651/http://blog.yhathq.com/posts/image-processing-with-scikit-image.html) - January 30, 2014
- [_Weather Forecasting with Twitter & Pandas_](https://web.archive.org/web/20140805120155/http://blog.yhathq.com/posts/predict-weather-with-kaggle-twitter-emoticons-pandas.html) - December 5th, 2013

Work

- _Google_ - July 2018 - Present
- _CoreOS (acquired by Red Hat)_ - November 2015 - June 2018
- _Yhat ([YC W15](https://www.ycombinator.com/companies/yhat))_ - March 2014 - November 2015
- _IBM (intern)_ - June 2013 – September 2013
- _Genentech (intern)_ - March 2013 – June 2013
- _Cloudera (intern)_ - May 2012 – August 2012
